all cases in the boxes
recently also in position
So, tours Thursner comes last
the participants are in this
moment as well as indented
so now it's time for the start
to the diana and so on
First of all , the field is formed
on the first meters at mona inside
It started well, but finally here
right into a front line last in
front grandstand fortuna now leads couple
months on behind author budget then anna
Katharina at the next position
is just changing desiree clari
pushed past
behind it are the colors of love countries
China continues back in the field then
also to make it out and behind it
then we see moore and at the end of the
feldes currently the scales
This is how it goes through the Kastanienallee
Good tempo submitted by let's dance
behind it in second position and completely
unchanged at donna behind armonia
on the third place
this is how you approach the exit
the opposite authority fourth behind it
desiree clari close up and that's how they are
now same arc out of the
Kastanienallee arrived in Mittelfeld
loughlin
with the ur and so leads us lately
now direction mountain last draft
dollar
because the website is without outside
very good and on budget as well
then at the fifth position the program
number two desiree clari make out
loughlin behind it sticks to eighth
ask about on there have you here
China further out then red and white
behind it a side below walls of the
feldes continues to shiva so it works now
choice of increase in the final form
opposite and still ahead is her
the program number 12 let's dance leads
this is now in the final form
in the second place is village thunder
authority
Now they are talking about the last 400
meters in the 157th
diana last Ernsthof dollar continues to
Desiree kari tries to get behind it
harmony has the chances
F major from the top drove stoner
last taboo or could side too
live the party is still full
you sit and the new queen rosberg
behind nike logo on the 2 place and on
the pages let's dance pre-mon
so here he is full of dishes
award for the 157 handle diana
the